Today I would like to try an atmos
make with moss and I do one
small test before just times
For the sake of interest, how much does one want to know
can water he must accept the sacrifice
we now have a 75 liter pot
we also put the mountains and have
I'll be right now that's what it means
we now have 0 kilograms says the
pot is empty
Now we have and we have that beautiful
not packed and it has to be dry
whole times on the scales I have to me
that's why it's almost 300 grams
so now we pack the whole thing
the attitude we have one now
twelve liters bucket and now twelfth
Once I put the 75 liter pot with me
filled with fashion kleinstein on it
the whole thing does not float up to us
that's ten liters of water and now
Now let long as I remember
Not
that has to go on for over an hour now
water almost two hours even and
Now let's just drain
and then we are the same time that
I have to drain now and now
put the pot on the scales ok
Welcome to a kilogram and almost
900 kilo
that's about two liters of water
sums not entirely but at least two
litre water
that's a lot
Yes, and now you need that must
of course, to detach